Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, we're going to have four icons over here.
And this four icons are going to be displayed horizontally, that is from left to right.
And this four icons are going to be similar.
Okay.
So now we're going to need to do is over this widget dietary.
We're going to need to create a reusable icon widgets.
Okay.
So over this which is directory, we are going to create a new PHI and we can just call this usable
underscore icon in this picture on Toad Dots.
And over here we can just go ahead and use this fitness widget and as well we can call this we use it
will.
I can't just spell it this way.
Okay.
And over here, we can then highlight and then use contra and dots in that same part.
The material to that package.
Okay.
And now we can just use Contra and B to make this wide.
Now for the container, we can have a chart.
And the child is going to be an icon, which.
And like I said, we are going to make this reusable.
So what we can do is we can make this dynamic.
Okay.
So over here, we can create a finite variable and we can just go ahead and call this variable icon.
And it is a type of something known as icon data.
Okay.
Now, the next thing is to pass it on to the constructor.
So any time we call this reusable icon, fi, we're going to need to pass in the value so this variable
so that a light is controlling dots then creates constructor for fine that fits.
Then over a year you're going to need to make this required all you can just add your note check to
see we don't really need to pass in the value.
Okay.
Now, over here, the icon is going to be the icon.
And we can give his size this icon against this size of turkey.
Okay, great.
He's controlling and save.
Now what we're going to need to do is we're going to need to go to the little screen and instead of
this, we're going to need to get rid of this.
Then use a widget known as sorry we just said wants to be displayed horizontally.
Right.
So we are going to be using what's a row widgets row widget is going to help us display our widgets
horizontally.
That is from left to right as well.
Just like the column, the row widget has a property known as children because it can take multiple
widgets.
And the first side is going to be that we.
We use able icons.
Okay.
Right.
I can I can see it wants us to parse the value.
The value is going to be something that's icons that video.
Com.
I think we have something like this.
Okay.
Yeah.
Nice country.
And that's to save and.
You're going to see it over a year.
Over a year.
Okay.
Now we can have hopes before.
Added sugar cover and you can change this icon since we made it reusable.
But for now, we can just go with this for now.
Okay.
Now check.
But you can see now all we can do is we can make this icon has because space now the road yet has something
known as name as this element that we can that's a main assets element that space evenly.
So this is going to share equal space for all the four icons we have.
Okay.
You can see this space and this space and this space and this space and this.
Our whole same.
Okay.
Now, what we can also do is we can give a background color to this.
So each icon to do this, we can then go to our visible.
Icon and over this container.
In order to have access, we can easily just say color, right?
But in order to have access to loss of property inside this container, we can have something known
as decoration and box decoration.
And within the box decoration, the color is also found.
And we can see.
Callers.
Darts.
So you can just use the button colour which we have in the colours.
Firefox.
Try and save and see.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can say height of 60.
And we'd as well of 50 or 60.
Let's just take it that first.
Okay.
So the the container has the property, you know, that's height and what width and as well the decoration
and box decoration.
Right.
Okay.
So now what we can also do is we can give this some rounded shape.
So to do this within the border bus decoration, it has something known as border radios.
And we can then say border radius dot circular and we can just say 16.
Okay.
Yes.
Contribute and save and see.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Now, what we can also do is we can give some little shadow to this.
Okay.
Now, within the boss decoration, the boss decoration also has a property.
All we can do is have the chain of command to know where this.
But the videos aren't.
And where we can then see Boss Shadow.
This is going to be a list of shadows.
Okay.
And now you can see, boss.
Shadow.
Okay.
The first thing is we can give a blow radius to make it blow and we can see we want ten year control
and excessive.
Okay.
Hopefully you can see that you can really see this now.
Then this boss shadow also has the color property, the little properties.
Each property has a key, and over it we can see colors that black.
Okay.
Now check it out.
Now you're going to see it's.
Okay.
Hopefully you can see there's a little shadow around it that we can also see dots with opacity.
This means I'll block or I'll.
Doc, we want you to be with opacity of 0.7 and see.
Okay.
Probably we change this to 50 and see 50 and.
You can see.
Okay, we can just go with the ten.
It's not really visible that much.
Okay.
Great.
So this is basically it's.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.